Fix issue 37154: samesite description (#37189)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/security/practical_implementation_guides/cookies/index.md

  - : Forbid sending cookies via cross-origin requests (for example from {{htmlelement("img")}} elements) using `SameSite`. You should use one of the following two values:

>     - `SameSite=Strict`: Only send the cookie in same-site contexts (navigations and other requests). Cookies are omitted in cross-site requests (e.g. hotlinking) and cross-site navigation (e.g. when following a link from a different web page). This is a very strict setting, but it does provide strong [CSRF](/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Practical_implementation_guides/CSRF_prevention) protection, so use this value if possible.

Reviewer: I feel ignorant, but what is hotlinking? Do you mean

```suggestion
    - `SameSite=Strict`: Only send the cookie in same-site contexts (navigations and other requests). Cookies are omitted in cross-site requests (e.g. embedding images or other resources from other sites) and cross-site navigation (e.g. when following a link from a different web page). This is a very strict setting, but it does provide strong [CSRF](/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Practical_implementation_guides/CSRF_prevention) protection, so use this value if possible.
```

Author: I didn't write this guide but I believe so.
